'Welcome to our NA guide page
this page will serve as the number one way
to navigate throughout the community'

'!Lets get started'

'if you are new, then welcome! we appreciate you joining us. 
lets introduce everyone to what our community is about.

as stated in the name, neko our community relates to everything nekomimi or animal hybrid
aside from that, we are all about anime, manga, art, and all related topics.

just as every other community, we do have our own set of rules which is linked above
we highly recommend giving it a look through.

along to go with our guidelines, we have a list of blacklisted terms which are composed from the leaders
breaking server rules will lead to consequences served from either the leader

what to do

we promise there is plenty to do! firstly I would recommend starting off by posting your own icebreaker 
it is easily the best way for others to meet you and the best way to introduce yourself to the community!

the instruction will have you answer questions about yourself on a public chat that you create and along with the icebreaker, 
there are plenty of forms of rolepalying
just please keep in mind our rules when posting anything public.

what to try

<

run out of things to do? bored in public chats? lets try something new
roleplay is the most popular activity of both this community and amino as a whole! roleplay must be kept appropriate, 
wether it is in public chats or private. on public chats now.

#safety #

about time, safety, this is our teams number one priority, 
especially that of minors. There is plenty precautions to keep in mind when browsing to keep yourself safe at all times

if you are concerned for your own or that of anothers safety online, please report it. 
there are many ways for you to report anything first of all, therea always flagging 
The teams recommendation for reporting would be through the staff help center, a public chat in which all staff members reside at all times,
a public chat is the quickest form of reporting and getting any response.

every other community like ours has just of an extensive rule set. 
only difference with us, is that we like to make it clear and organized 
many member of other community groups, get upset when they get 
striked or warned over something they weren not even aware was a rule.
with us, we will try to actually help our members be aware.

so far that is it our community guide. 
there is more coming in the future, and guaranteed updates

if you have any questions, do not hesitate to message a staff member. 
or like we have said before, we reccomend asking any questions you may have
in the staff help center.'
